Update Anne contact information (#2445)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/coc.md

To make clear what is expected, everyone participating in activities associated with the Turing Way project is required to conform to this Code of Conduct.
This Code of Conduct applies to all spaces managed by the Turing Way project including, but not limited to, in-person focus groups and workshops, and communications online via GitHub.

The co lead-investigator of _The Turing Way_ - Dr. Kirstie Whitaker and Dr. Malvika Sharan - are responsible for enforcing the Code of Conduct.

> They can be contacted by emailing [msharan@turing.ac.uk](mailto:msharan@turing.ac.uk) or [kwhitaker@turing.ac.uk](mailto:kwhitaker@turing.ac.uk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can be contacted by [theturingway@gmail.com](mailto:theturingway@gmail.com).  Please note that Kirstie is on Maternity leave for the rest of 2022, therefore your emails will be handled by Malvika (you can directly contact her by emailing [msharan@turing.ac.uk]).(mailto:msharan@turing.ac.uk).
```

> You may contact Anne Lee Steele (Community Manager) at [asteele@turing.ac.uk](mailto:asteele@turing.ac.uk), if you would prefer not to contact Dr. Whitaker or Dr. Sharan.

Reviewer: I will not add that here for keeping the CoC enforcement away from your responsibility. We can discuss your training in CoC enforcement if this is something you are interested in.

> Alternatively, you may also contact [Anna Krystalli](mailto:a.krystalli@sheffield.ac.uk) or [Ben Murton](mailto:bmurton@turing.ac.uk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer not to contact the project leads, you may also contact [Anna Krystalli](mailto:a.krystalli@sheffield.ac.uk), who is our ombudsperson.
```
